# Project Outline
For this assignment, you will submit a high-level outline of your project. This can, and likely will, change over time. In particular, your mentor will provide feedback and direction and feedback to help sharpen your ideas. So don't worry if you feel unsure about some aspects of the outline, or if you have to change some things later.

## Assignment Description
[Project Outline Assignment](https://education.launchcode.org/liftoff/assignments/project-outline/)

## Submission Instructions

### Overview
In 2000, Robert Putnam wrote a book called "Bowling Alone" about the increase in isolated activities and the negative
consequences of this on our society. One day, I found myself shooting pool alone in an apartment building full of people
and thinking about how to solve this problem of increasing isolation, at least for large apartment buildings. What's the
difference between an apartment building and a dorm (perhaps *the* exemplar of organic community building)? The clear
availability and willingness of those around you to participate in things you enjoy. In an apartment building, people do
not leave their doors open and there is not the same pervasive sense that people want to make friends and are available
to do fun things. This creates a sort of social block to forming friendships. Apartment buildings try to foster community
through sponsored events, usually some free food and booze in the common room or by the pool, but such events nearly
always feel forced and generate few real friendships.

My app seeks to foster real community in an organic way, in the way we all grew up forming friendships: through fun,
shared activities. The residents of an apartment building or complex can input activities that they enjoy as well as
general times that they're available to do them. If the right number of users sign up for similar activities within the
same time slot, the app will notify them and ask if they'd like to participate. Users will also have the ability to
create singular events--for example, a Superbowl watch party or a Smash Bros tournament in the common room. Finally, the
app will incorporate some sort payment feature, where users can chip in for food, drink, and other activity costs. The
creator of the event will set a cap and attendees can decide what to pay. If the cap is met, the funds will be
transferred to the creator (or a designated treasurer) who will make the necessary purchases (some form of reviews or
receipt uploads will need to be incorporated to keep people honest here).

### Features
User Login: Users will be able to create accounts and log in. Each user will have a calendar of general availability for
activities as well as events they've signed up for.

Activity/Event Creation, Sign up, Notification: In addition to choosing from a stock of events/activities, users can
create custom events and activities. They will also be able to sign up to participate in them and get notified of
activities/events matching their interest and availability.

Payment: Users will be able to pool money to fund events.

Room Reservation: For activities where space is limited/that require access to a certain space (e.g., the pool table in
the common room), users will be able to reserve space (and other activities that would require the same space will be
blocked/made unavailable).

Real Time Activity/Event View: Users will be able to see what events and activities are happening in their building in
real time (at least for events in public spaces/where users decide to allow this).

### Technologies
Java, SpringBoot, Thymeleaf, GCal API (or some calendar app), Twilio (for messaging users about activity matches, event
reminders), Stripe or Venmo API, possibly JavaScript

### What I'll Have to Learn
I'll have to learn how to use the GCal API (I have used the Google Books API before so that may lower the learning
required), how to use the Twilio API, and whatever payment app I choose. I'll also have to figure out a logic for
determining matches between activities and managing other aspects of the app like that. If I find a good reason to work
in some JavaScript, I'll have to learn some of that too.


https://trello.com/b/ndwVebnT/liftoff-project